docs: document package.json eik field usage (#50)
eik-lib/eik-lib.github.io: docs/client_app_packages.md

### eik.json definitions

> In your app's `eik.json` or `package.json` file, you use the `files` key to define local file paths to be included when packaging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your app's Eik config you use the `files` key to define local file paths to be included when packaging.
```

}
```

#### package.json file entrypoints

```json
{
    "eik": {
        "files": {
            "./scripts.js": "./scripts.js",
            "./scripts.js.map": "./scripts.js.map",
            "./styles.css": "./styles.css",
            "./styles.css.map": "./styles.css.map",
        }
    }
}
```

### The publish command

> With entrypoints defined in `eik.json` or `package.json`, running the `eik package` command will assemble files (specified by entrypoints) into an archive and upload the archive to the Eik server defined by the `server` field in `eik.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With entrypoints defined in the Eik config, running the `eik package` command will assemble files (specified by entrypoints) into an archive and upload the archive to the Eik server defined by the `server` field.
```
